Update api.md (#6651)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/api.md

```
{% include copy.html %}

> For APIs related to `Distinguished names` or `Certificates` that require super admin access, you should enable RESR API admin configuration in `opensearch.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For APIs related to `Distinguished names` or `Certificates` that require super admin access, you should enable REST API admin configuration in `opensearch.yml`:
```

> For APIs related to `Distinguished names` or `Certificates` that require super admin access, you should enable REST API admin configuration in `opensearch.yml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're working with APIs that manage `Distinguished names` or `Certificates` that require super admin access, enable the REST API admin configuration in your `opensearch.yml` file as shown in the following setting example:
```
